# RCSHARP7
===========

RCSHARP7  is  for  Remote web application   with  RCSHARP using  JDollar p.l which  is  invented  by wilmix jemin j  
in year  2017.

WEB14
======

WEB14 is RCSHARP part2 invented by wilmix jemin j at JDollar P.L at year 2017  for  Dotnet  Professionals.

it  is  Ranked as NO:6.

WEB14
=====

WEB14 is about CSHARP part2 invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2017.

WEB14 has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF. and it has latest frameworks like

JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,

WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

WEB14 use all these Latest P.L

for mobile and P.L like

JSAUCER with JWEB. SO WEB14 is called as

a "SKY Programming Language".

Differences Between WEB14 and JSAUCER

when to use?

1) WEB14 is used and it permits it's latest

Frameworks and other native P.L like

C++, .Net, etc.

Hence we call WEB14 as an Interactive P.L.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to WEB14 part2 or interact with WEB14

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of WEB14 to  eliminate csharp demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with  WEB14.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEB professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with WEB14 and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with WEB.

17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on WEB used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in WEB.


19) WEB14 Advanced Business

WEB14 is focused on interaction with JSWORD.

Note: Here we use only CSHARP  .exe and CSHARP  .dll



RCSHARP (PART1)
=================

RCSHARP (PART1)  consists  of  Modules   web2,web3,web4,web6,web7,web8,web9,web10,web11, and  web12.

which is  invented in   JDollar  P.L  by  wilmix  jemin  j  at  year  2017.

Note: This   is   for  Dotnet Professionals.



